# ASSESSMENT 4: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely on your own, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is the virtual DOM in React?

Your answer: its a copy of the actual DOM generated by REACT

Researched answer: the virtual DOM listens to the individual nodes in the DOM and compares the changes and refreshes only the affected elements

2. Ruby has an implicit return. What does that mean?

Your answer: it means that it will automatically return the result of a given expression 

Researched answer: implicit return automatically returns the result of a single expression.

3. Compare and contrast JavaScript and Ruby. What are three things they have in common and what are three differences?

Your answer: they are both beginner friendly programming languages, theyre both dynamic programming languages, and they both support functional programming. the differences include syntax, javascript is more front end development and ruby is more back end, and ruby is known for its Object Oriented Programming.

Researched answer: ruby and javascript are both highlevel languages that makes them easier for programmers to use. they also support functional programming which allows functions to be passed as arguements and also allows the use of high order functions. both javascript and ruby are also dynamically typed languages. differences include, syntax and structure, javascript uses more curly braces while ruby is more simple. ruby is more object oriented. and javascript is oftenn used to manipulate the DOM.

4. STRETCH: What is a version manager?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

1. Ruby blocks: an anonymous function that is passed to a method

2. RSpec: a domaine specific language that is used for testing behavior of objects in ruby

3. Test-driven development: a development approach that emphasizes writing tests before writing the actual code
